.TH PDFMAKER "1" "January 2025" "pdfmaker 2.3.8"

.SH NAME
pdfmaker \- Create PDFs from images.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpdfmaker\fR [\fB\-s\fR path] [\fB\-d\fR path] [\fB\-n\fR filename] [\fB\-c\fR value] [\fB\-r\fR value] [\fB\-b\fR] [\fB\-v\fR] [\fB\-h\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
\fBpdfmaker\fR can be used to convert a directory of images or a specified image to a single PDF file, or
expand a single PDF file into a collection of image files.

.SH OPTIONS
.P
\fB\-s\fR | \fB\-\-source\fR {path}       The path to the images or an image. Default: current folder.
.P
\fB\-d\fR | \fB\-\-destination\fR {path}  Where to save the new PDF. The file name is optional.
                           Default: ~/Desktop/'PDF From Images via pdfmaker.pdf'.

.P
\fB\-n\fR | \fB\-\-name\fR {name}         Specify the target file name. Only used when your destination
                           is a directory.

.P
\fB\-c\fR | \fB\-\-compress\fR {amount}   Apply an image compression filter to the PDF:
                           \fI0.0\fR = maximum compression, lowest image quality.
                           \fI1.0\fR = no compression, best image quality.
.P
\fB\-\-createdirs\fR               Make target intermediate directories if they do not exist.
.P
\fB\-b\fR | \fB\-\-break\fR               Break a PDF into JPEG images.
.P
\fB\-r\fR | \fB\-\-resolution\fR {dpi}    The output resolution of extracted images. Max: \fI9999\fR.
.P
\fB\-v\fR | \fB\-\-verbose\fR             Show progress information. Otherwise only errors/warnings are shown.
.P
\fB\-h\fR | \fB\-\-help\fR                This help screen.
.P
\fB\-\-version\fR                  Show \fBpdfmaker\fR version information.
.PP

.SH EXAMPLES
.P
pdfmaker \fB\-\-source\fR $IMAGES_DIR \fB\-\-destination\fR $PDFS_DIR/'Project X.pdf' \fB\-\-compress 0.8\fR
.P
pdfmaker \fB\-\-source\fR $IMAGES_DIR/cover.jpg \fB\-\-destination\fR $PDFS_DIR \fB\-\-compress 0.5\fR
.P
pdfmaker \fB\-\-source\fR $IMAGES_DIR/cover.jpg \fB\-\-destination\fR $PDFS_DIR \fB\-\-name cover.pdf\fR
.P
pdfmaker \fB\-\-break\fR \fB\-\-source\fR $PDFS_DIR/'Project X.pdf' \fB\-\-destination\fR $IMAGES_DIR

.SH COPYRIGHT
Code and design copyright © 2025, Tony Smith (\fB@smittytone\fR). Source code available under the MIT licence.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fIhttps://github.com/smittytone/pdfmaker\fR
